Update CHANGELOG.md - adding the PR#669 (#673)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Breaking Changes</h3>

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Makes it possible to show the graphs when not running as a notebook.
>   [(#669)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/669)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It's now possible to show graphs using the plot apps layer when not run in notebooks.
  [(#669)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/669)
```
